...

GAAHHHHHHHHHHH

Ahem, sorry. You
surprised me.

Gracious! What are
you doing here? Who
are you? How?

Look at us. We are
on the sea floor!
Amazing, right?

I am the Captain, but
most people call me Cap.
Um, you may call me Cap.

I had a hunch. A feeling.
You're never supposed to
act on a feeling out
on the sea. I know this.

But I did it anyways,
and I did it alone. I
found myself in a storm,
and wound up in the Depths.

I blacked out. During
that time, I had a
incredibly weird dream.
The Voice of Cauldronia.

When I woke up, I was
here, same as you.

And wouldn't you know
it... right over there...

That's a door. Well,
it's a gate. That is
the Gate of Cauldronia!
I am sure of it.

I've spent my whole
life searching for this
thing. And here it is.
And here you are!

It is no coincidence
that you are here,
Gentle Traveler.

As much as I'd love to
see what's behind that
door. I can't. There's
something holding me back.

Gestlings are forbidden
to cross the threshold.

But you are not a
Gestling.

I want you to open the
door. Do it for me, do
it for Gestlings. Please.
