@# Cauldronia

I can't help but
notice you looking
at that symbol over there.

Do you know what it is?

That is the symbol for
our Cauldronia, our
homeworld.

Cauldronia is a modestly
sized celestial object
hurtling through the
cosmos.

It's most distinctive
feature is the massive
tree that sticks out
of it. The Gestletree!

A looong long time ago,
like right after the
time of Was, Cauldronia
was known as Cavernius.

Cavernius was drifting
around in space, minding
it's own business when

BAM! COSMIC INSPIRATION
HITS.

A small amount of this
energy gets into the
hollow interior of
Cavernius.

The Inspiration starts
heating things from the
inside. A molten core
forms!

At that point, water
begins to form on the
surface, which heats
up to make the Springs.

Not too long after that,
we Gestlings appear!
Kinda neat, right?
