@nphrases 4
@block
Dear Mom,
Sorry for not writing
back sooner. Camp has
been really really fun!

@nphrases 4
@block
Last week, Captain took
us out camping over by
the Mushroom Forest in
the Upper Rings.

@nphrases 4
@block
We went on a nature
trail and Cap showed us
which mushrooms were
edible.

@nphrases 4
@block
Then Dav ate a bad mushroom
and it made their face
all puffy. Looked like
a marshmallow hahahaha!

@nphrases 3
@block
And then we made a fire.
And then we had cocoa
over the fire.

@nphrases 3
@block
And then we had cookies!
They were the yummy ones
from the Gestleton
Cakery! And then...

@nphrases 4
@block
We were each supposed to
take one cookie each...
...but I took two. But
don't tell anyone!

@nphrases 1
@block
Annnd thennnn.....

@nphrases 3
@block
And then we learned
a folk song from the
Lower Rings district!

@nphrases 2
@block
It went something like
this:

@nphrases 4
@block
And then we went to
sleep. And then we
woke up. And then
we hiked back home.

@nphrases 4
@block
And then. And then it
started raining.
I hate the rain.
And then...

@nphrases 1
@block
AND. THEN.

@nphrases 1
@block
We were home.

@nphrases 4
@block
After camp ends,
Cap says they are
planning a solo trip
beyond the shores.

@nphrases 4
@block
I know Dad says I'm
too young to visit the
shores because it is
too dangerous.

@nphrases 4
@block
When I grow up, I want
to be like Cap and
live on the shores
and explore Cauldronia!

@nphrases 2
@block
I wonder what Cap hopes
to find out there...

@nphrases 3
@block
Anyways, miss you lots.
I love you mom.
See you in a few weeks!
